com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.DisplayCurrencyPreferenceDialog
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.DisplayCurrencyPreferenceDialog: DisplayCurrencyPreferenceDialog(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.MainActivity
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$array: int pref_currency_entries
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$array: int pref_currency_values
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$array: int pref_interval_entries
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$array: int pref_interval_values
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$id: int app_icon
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$id: int credit
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$id: int exchange_currency
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$id: int fragment_place
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$id: int price
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$id: int update_time
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$layout: int main
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$layout: int widget_layout
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$string: int app_name
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$style: int AppTheme
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$style: int MyActionBar
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$style: int MyTheme
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$style: int MyTheme_ActionBar_TitleTextStyle
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$xml: int preferences
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.R$xml: int widget_info
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.RefreshDataReceiver
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.RefreshDataReceiver: RefreshDataReceiver()
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.XBTRealtimeWidgetProvider
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.XBTRealtimeWidgetProvider: XBTRealtimeWidgetProvider()
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.XBTWidgetApplication
com.streetcred.bitcoinpriceindexwidget.XBTWidgetApplication: XBTWidgetApplication()
